hello everyone I just wanted to know
what type of videos you looking
for anything let me know if you want to
be critical right now is the time any
suggestions that you have for the
channel anything that you've seen other
people doing that you'd like to see me
doing or some things that I'm doing that
you would not like to see me doing now
is the time to mention them I will reply
to you on here I want to keep your
subscribership here I want to make sure
that you're coming back and I want to
tune in to you as an individual I try to
reply back to as many of the comments as
possible I think I have to be one of the
best YouTubers out there who actually
you know replies back consistently to
the subscribers because I really do
think that I'm creating this content for
you individuals not just viewers out
there but specifically the people who
are subscribed to me so I do appreciate
that when you tune in over and over
again you're giving me the thumbs up and
the comments as well so please anything
that you can do to suggest what you'd
like to see or what I already do that
something that you like seeing something
that you like seeing more of so thank
you very much and uh once again just
want to really appreciate everything
that uh you're given to me thank you